foreign
[Music]
welcome back welcome back I hope every body is doing well
um thank you for coming to the congregation of Satanist um tonight we'll be looking at a very
very dirty Bible text but it's an Avenue for us to be able to jump in our
spaceship and move back through time to that to that period when they were
having the orgies yeah so I want to be able to find this
place and to take you there and show you and and we're going to do that but in order to get there I need you
hail Satan I need you to be able with me
to focus on why this is even important so and I'm going to do that with a short
video I'm going to show you a video and I'm going to have us I'll make a couple of comments on it but I'm doing so to
set up the fact that you don't you never stray from principle one
which is faith no reason
number one reason first reason first so we're gonna look at
these texts but I want to show you something this is going to be this is a clip of a gentleman who is critiquing
something that has just happened recently um and that is the discussion of Jesus
on the international stage of Jesus as trans
I Think Jesus um transgenders himself on a number of occasions and I think if you
look at the foot washing from John's gospel footwashing elsewhere in both Old and New Testaments that it's
consistently done by by women and again jesus takes us on people often cast that as being the servant it was the woman's
role and and Jesus does it and
it becomes the woman at that point oh boy oh boy we gotta talk about a
story that you only really seem to get in relation to Christianity because the
world revolutionaries are not brave enough to do this to other people's religions like Islam right we'll talk
about that a little bit later but they tend to do this to Christianity in the wake of tragedy
what do you want what a job that I don't hate
is
that she
[Music]
which again he takes his opportunity to express his hate for Christians yes sure they have massive blame the Republican
party is 100 guilty they have passed over 600 laws against the lgbtq
community just since 2018. 100 guilty if
you're a republican you drove this hatred you drove it it's your fault okay
but it's but my point overall is guys it isn't just the last couple of years
where they drove that hatred my whole life my whole life right-wing religious leaders have said hey gay people hate
them hate them hate them oh I I'm not saying hate The Sinner but the sin
they're sinning it is not a god damn sin
so um what do we see there we see a lot of
people using something to make a lot of different arguments
and you have to realize that unless you can be there unless you can see what's going
on you can't really you can't really make any statements that
um individual goes on to talk about is critiquing the situation commenting goes
on to talk uh uh at length about why it isn't possibly correct and in doing so
he talks about the scholars who talk about trans Jesus now and one of them
came up with a dissertation on uh paintings later much later I mean it's
not even using contemporary evidence so it's it's poor and I've noticed that
you who have interest in these topics I've noticed that you are progressing
down this path that we're going to see in in the text and in order to do that
you have to be able to access the genuine if you're going to make a
decision about what is going on now in our society you have to understand the
past and the only way to do that is through these sources I've watched you
guys I love your comments by the way I'm I'm loving the shirt thing and I'm loving uh
um I love the guy kudos to the to the guy or gal or hermaphrodite who stood up
last time and said hey um when we initiated brilliant nice
for your sakes you will hear a speaker
and I told uh uh I told Neil this
you're getting molested Neil you're getting molested
um by Harvard Harvard is molesting you Neil right and they are and let me explain
how it is if you hear someone there there was a
Prof in front of the name or a PhD which they've got their PHD and they're from a big university you assume what they're
saying is accurate I told them Neil you you're being molested by a group of religious
historians Neil religious historians don't work with the texts in the
original you got to go to somebody who's classically trained right you got to go to some hard case
who knows how to read these texts and that's the only thing that I can bring
to you I can bring you the evidence and hold it in front of your face
so that you can see it okay let's let's proceed uh thank you everybody for
everybody for joining and um I appreciate your time I I do
um hail Satan if this time if we can have people chime in
um on command I'll ask you any questions then we can proceed this is going to be
short I don't want to hold us here for a while I just want to Splash it in your face because that's the that's the time
that we've got right um and I appreciate the fact that you're here when you're here
let's look at Ezekiel let's get right in jump right into the the evidence Ezekiel
please if you'll bring up the text for the evening
nope
excuse us for not being Johnny on the spot I'm gonna bring
up your text and I'm gonna show you the Greek and I just want to read through with you and show you some words and as
I'm doing so I'm going to bring some images to your brain and those images correlate with the text itself so what
do I have up here I've got that dirty dirty Prophet Ezekiel and you'll notice right away it's Greek
and the first thing that you will do is you will stand up because you have been listening to the people who don't have
the training you will stand up and you will say this should be in Hebrew
because your post 10th century when that Hebrew back translation
came into existence and dropped
from the text from the Septuagint you're gonna love this there's dirty dirty
stuff in here oh we've got to we've got to explore this together okay um let's just proceed shall we where
where the ships come to Halt you know we can all step outside and see what it is
and tonight we're in a dirty dirty Place Samaria and Jerusalem and these are
these are these are times when things are going on let's see what's going on
I want you to hear some of the Greek right I want you to hear some of it
yeah this logos comes to me
this logos of the curios yeah our Lord's logos
comes to me and saying what's it saying son of man
you'll see this is translated terribly um terribly through the masoretic
tradition it doesn't use the right word right didn't use uh Adam right it's son
of man interesting title and they they understood this in the first century that's why you know who was going around
calling himself good um yeah uh what do you say son of man there there were two women long story
short you know do a good night kiss there's these two two you know
females yeah and they were the daughters of one mother and except for Nelson
what were they doing they were ex-pornading if I can have you bring up pornea that
would be fantastic what is poornaya
yep look at the definition here for pornet and I just want you to notice this is Alice by the way everybody
remembers Alice thank you for coming Alice um I just want you to notice that in the
Victorian lsj the Liddell Scott from Alice's father that we get prostitution
and look at look at Roman numeral number two here idolatry
okay that's the first time I want you to associate sex and religion
and that is orgy you see where we are we're right there at the Nexus let's
keep going let's keep going so what are these two girls doing they're expornating in Egypt
they're expornating in Egypt Egypt oh
okay well what's going on let's let's keep reading more text more text keep look at number for those of you who are
following the Greek verse 3 now
she did it in her nail tastes in her youth
inner youth she went to Egypt and she explorinated in her youth
and what is this explanation yeah there okay there effe
um if you've ever ever had a um mastectomy or heard of somebody who has a mastectomy you know what those
mastoi are those are your breasts her breast they hadn't Fallen yet
they hadn't developed yet okay
um don't worry the text reinforces this we're talking about a young girl we're
talking about a young girl okay verse 4 and the names of these girls was Ula and
um the older one right isn't that a nice name the masoretic text again messes up
here and this is beautiful these are beautiful
these these gorgeous gorgeous names why because they hold
Greek roots you wrap your head around that one they
hold Greek roots yeah okay we're getting that you feel
foreign feels foreign doesn't it step out don't worry we're on we're we're coming so it's two sisters yeah and uh
Kai eganonto this is a really weird phrase this next expression really means
um I had her to wife or I had her in the capacity of wife
yeah it's really weird it's like they belong to me yeah it's a Str it's a it's a
um it's almost a marking
to bring a mark I like it yeah and so anyway and the names of them
are Samaria he tells us yeah samaria's hula
and um Jerusalem is isn't that nice verse five okay sin
and they pronated right who did it
pronated what up and move away from me
tornading breaking that thing that she and I had
and she is doing it in Egypt oh this is remember this is gonna it's gonna start
to get x-rated pretty soon okay except foreign
what did she do she said about her work
happy to say me in Greek when you engage in the biz
that's epitome she started engaging In The Biz
yeah she did with her erastes with her
lover yeah the one who's entering the passion
I'm not saying ezekiel's saying it don't don't blame me oh here we've got the
great uh one wonderful entry here love her yeah admirer yeah yeah isn't that
nice it's gorgeous okay on we go
and uh who are these lovers of hers she's engaging herself upon the
Assyrians and Assyrians in the at this time they would refer to Chaldeans as
Assyrians right it isn't really what you and I
academically talk about with Assyrians don't think about a time or an Empire
shout out to Norman yaffi from Oriental from Oriental Institute yeah wonderful
love you Norm um anyway and uh verse 6 yeah yeah and those who
were close to her anyway and verse six yeah what are these guys wearing there were in hyacinth
they're wearing Hyacinth what is Hyacinth what is Hyacinth this is hyacinth oh isn't that nice isn't that
lovely there's another Hyacinth this is hyacinth is everybody has everybody met hyacinth
yeah boy lover Apollo nice they're dressed in that purple and what are they
menus and strategus they're um
uh leaders Civic leaders but it's more than just like an elected position
this is people with power these are Aristocrats who are turning
turning the power yeah oligarchs if you will
you like that um yeah okay and um what are they they are
neoniscoi wait a minute their use
their youth what are these youths doing oh they're epicle they're they're
they're epiglactoid they're chosen they're Aristocrats bro I'm telling you
these are the chosen aristocratic boys where they get sent they get sent to Oola
follow me write her name Destroyer baby
that's what her name means love it
okay um and what are these prints what do these Prince boys do while they're there
oh well the text goes on to say in verse 6 and verse six if you can get to say
fantastic marking thank you very much Chewie yeah they're dressed in Hyacinth yeah
yeah yeah they're young and they're these princes who are he Pace they're on
the horseback right and they're specifically either Chariot or a horseback rider
yeah so trained professional these years it's easier you know syrians would be
proud to be around these people and antiquely it's a big thing our entire cultures
that are horse driven yeah and the scythians who are always
always always caught with cannabis they're the ones who are bringing us
these toxins these wonderful purple toxins one of the things that you need to know
the purple dye from Antiquity is a huge trade it's a huge Trade It splashes
itself all over the languages of the Mediterranean for example Phoenician the
word Phoenician just means purple right these are traitors and they took
this stuff all over the all over the Mediterranean all over they sit down colonies they influence the language and
the development the language oh God it's beautiful when you consider it for the
delicate history right and remember Greek is a reservoir
this is several thousand Lang years of language and when you get that much development
it's no wonder like the Romans said you know okay the grace goddess with the language right it's a it's you know it
is the master means of expression you know but we're good at engineering and our language reflects it that's that was
the excuse ride but they all knew they they all they all went over to eluses right
um there's a reason for that anyway let's get back speaking of Lucius and this vampire girl that we're looking for
we're looking for Echidna right love it love it okay um verse seven
yeah verse seven can I add okay
and she gave her pornea right she bestowed it on them
the cop that is in the Apocalypse
held by the lady Babylon that is full of her pornaya
is giving her uh um giving them the princes
that cup yeah she's bestelling her poornaya upon
them okay thank thank the time and the place thank goodness we have all the drugs that we can track that's so that's
we crack everything just track the drugs follow reason right and watch it show
you the history did you know they were doing this in Antiquity yeah ritual all
right let's keep going what else what are you doing these rituals we know we got the princes there we got the purple there we got the oh this is getting
exciting right we're gonna find out we're gonna find out in a minute the
Egyptians oh God they're centaurs they're called having the phallus
this the shape of a donkey oh
and the size of a horse and this is what brought
this young girl because the most the most threatening
thing to Jehovah is a young girl
underdeveloped entering
entering a right involving
a prince he doesn't want that
he doesn't want her giving her poornaya
yeah yeah oh it's gorgeous let's keep going
um and see where where she ends up yeah um yeah she didn't so she uh
um she she they at the end of verse seven there's a bunch of me I knowing
going on they're all mean I annoying together what does it mean it means sustain
means sustain with die
Hercules Heracles has some dogs their lips
are stained with purple
yeah their lips are staying with purple dogs
and Dragons you remember the ones that stand at the portal of the underworld yeah
these are the same group using the same pharmacology using the same poisons
right toxins venoms right to raise the serpent on the pole
yeah because these are serpent films we're working with right saturnian
saturnian magic gorgeous stuff okay so when when it says me I know Miano
literally means to stain with the dye right
um so these are staining themselves
yeah nice nice okay and what else they're doing verse eight
um she she didn't leave it off you know she didn't laugh that leave that off
um I want to jump ahead because we don't I don't want to spend
um too much time I want to I want to get you to the at to the you know things
develop and what happens in verse 10. yeah they apocalyptoed
her ice honey the prince's Oppo
op dude they apocalize they apocalypsed
they apocalypsed her ice Cooney
what is that um if we can bring up ice Kune we'll
just ask Alice Alice could you tell us what an ice kunai is there
[Music] yeah yeah
um I just want you to notice look at ice hunai and you see shame or dishonor
that's what the apocalyptoed means to uncover
uncover they uncovered her shame what does that mean
um you can you can have the shame of women being their
dishonoring yeah but look at number three because we are in later when they
say number in Roman numeral number three at the bottom see how it says later we are there people and what does it equal
it equals idoyan and what is idoyan
come up to me because I want to um iodion is the
pudendum that which requires
shame yeah the privates
the private parts the princes uncovered her private parts
and what else did they do it says the EK they poured out or squirted out
on her yeah what is going on you can see we're
at a classical classical orgy right this is a religious operation
which Jehovah is mad about right you can't do this you can't do
this Samaria shame on you knock down those temples throw down the cast out the dildos that
are there right you can't do this um they're spreading it the purple right
it's a cult it's a cult a mystery cult fantastic let's let's keep just a little
bit longer how would you on time because I don't want to hold you guys this is um this is all good stuff and there's a
lot here uh yeah but um yeah he saw them
let's go down to verse 13. I just want you to see this as young initiates
look at verse 13. yeah okay
yeah I saw that they were died
I saw that they were died
foreign
one way walking the one way of the two
isn't that beautiful yeah so that hold us that way
um when you see that in the first century and Jesus is talking about the way if you don't know those primary
sources you don't even know what the way is right and the example that I always give
you guys that I want to I I want to finish on this tonight and then take some questions from you
um is that way that we talk about um uh Salvation
yeah salvation those words we don't have those words those are rich
rich rich rich Greek words so if we're going to say to bring this
back to the beginning if we're going to say that oh as Georgia did
the country the Republic of as Georgia did when people rose up
and Chase homosexual men and women around and
killed them as the world tide of this comes this world tide based upon
based upon the very Dogma
generated by these texts not the text it's not coming from the
text it's coming from the Dogma that's generated by them let's go back and see
let's go back and see somebody's made the assertion
that Jesus is trans based on some paintings
if we were to go back and actually look at the sexuality of Jesus if we were to
go back to the texts we would see
a world that'll crack that'll Crack Your Existence
yeah we'll see we'll catch Jesus in a park um with a naked boy we'll catch him
there and and what is he doing does he have the purple
yeah long story short
they saw the way they found the way okay
so now let's get back in the ship come back to modernity does anybody does
anybody have any questions does anybody have any related to these texts
um uh anything uh you you deserve a right to be able to ask
um for spending your time on a Wednesday night right hail Satan that you that you
would you know come um how about some questions here why don't you go ahead and
um more please give more please thank you no thank you I appreciate that but we have ice cream and
um goodies for everyone um and whatever's in this
excellent another um hmm what text were you using yeah I was
using the Septuagint Ezekiel 23 Ezekiel chapter 23. and I want to can I just
since it here you want a little bit more this is hilarious I got to show you this um bring up for for us please the uh
translation the King James this is the King James translation of the third
verse of that of that passage this is the verse where it says she grew up
there in Egypt where she was um committing this act exploringating
with these people and um it was when before her breasts fell
yeah so um watch the King James translation this is this is funny
and they committed whoredoms in Egypt they committed whoredoms in their youth
there where their breasts pressed and they are there they bruised the
Deets of their virginity with the teeth of their virginity but
that's not even in the that's not even a text you can't even get a whiff of that
who's bruising what okay what then you ask yourself what how can you have the
Septuagint the text we just looked at which is quoted by Paul and uh anybody
else is quoting it in the New Testament they're quoting um that text that we just read
okay so um how is it that we get um uh bruised
teats out of that um yeah it's not it's yeah it's just not
there um I thought whoredoms was nice Hortons a little bit almost angry
angry incredible more more questions
can we get to Breaking the cup why do you this that's fantastic who this is
this is wrong okay breaking the car um doctor Street yes breaking the cup
agent Street that sounds sophisticated does it by the way welcome from all the way from
England Rob is working on tracking down the half
girl half Viper beautiful image um young Hazard we have Jung tied up in the
corner here by the way I gagged him I ball gagged him so he wouldn't be able to um talk to you tonight but uh yeah
um because that's what you do as a necromancer right no it young in his red
book talks about the one he didn't want published talks about um the uh half girl half
um Viper who Herodotus talks about it's when all the Greek women are getting and
Eastern women are getting abducted because Phoenicians getting abducted because they can
give you the purple
yeah do you understand do you have ears to hear Okay so
let's drink some babies does somebody anybody say anything about babies yeah lamia yellow psych with lamia nice
nice yellow psych eats babies I mean you know
yeah yellow sick don't um don't respond to that
yeah why are we eating babies again that's what lamia does that's what yellow Psych is referring to is the
great Great Goddess who comes to the infant and strangles
them yeah how do you strangle an infant you suck
its essence isn't that fantastic the word Sphinx means Strangler and that brings us
perfectly to our final presentation of the night which is a French silent very
short minute and a few seconds film and I will warn you that I am programming
your brain and this image will is your necessary
Mission should you choose to accept it can you roll them
it's disturbingly silent
nice door
I wonder what's in that box oh
and he's a donkey so the at least his head was
his head was very much like the first depiction of Jesus
right good stuff um yeah if you were just imagine that leaves you're living in Antiquity right
the earliest images you hear about the savior right up until this time has been a
female but a savior okay and what does he look like he looks like
a dude with the head of an ass yeah it's fantastic I found an ancient
I'll say one more thing I found an ancient I look real close into your eyes and I'll tell you I found an ancient
text everybody knows about it already it's been translated um
but it's by a priest and this Hellenistic priest is doing
stuff with these Venoms and he's got a he encoded his name in the text and
under his name he has the initiatory myth or song
by which people are brought through the Gateway
all right and it's all about the ass
yeah and his burden and with that we'll leave it we leave it
thank you for coming tonight I hope this was helpful please leave comments and let me know hey
um you know shorter uh longer more media
um whatever you would like with these and thank you to our artist I just want to introduce
um agent Ferrari who hail Satan is able to provide you with some of this art
he's a real artist and it's a it's a real pleasure it's a real pleasure to work with them so um some of the images
that you see coming up will be his dedications so um hail Satan on that
right um thank you congregation and I will see you Saturday if you uh Friday night
rather um for Sabbat at which time
we will progress we will progress to What's called the black Harbor
the black Harbor and that is in our ancient antidotes text and we'll cut to
the chase I see your comments and I'm going to refine my Approach based upon what people are interested in I like to
have that interaction so thank you everybody for coming and have a good evening
[Music]
thank you